getting started docs for rclone (#83)
backube/scribe: docs/usage/rclone/index.rst

.. toctree::
   :hidden:

   database_example

.. sidebar:: Contents

   .. contents:: Rclone-based replication

> Rclone-based replication supports 1:1 asynchronous replication of volumes for use

Reviewer: "1:many" or "1:n"

trigger is used on the source side of the relationship to trigger each replication iteration.

Following are the sequences of events happening in each iterations.

- A point-in-time (PiT) copy of the source volume is created using CSI drivers. It will be used as the source data .
- A temporary PVC is created out of the PiT copy and mounted on Rclone data mover job pod.
- The Scribe Rclone data mover then connects to the intermediary storage system (e.g. AWS S3) using configurations
  based on ``rclone-secret``. It uses ``rclone sync`` to copy source data to S3.
- At the conclusion of the transfer, the destination creates a PiT copy to preserve the incoming source data.

Scribe is configured via two CustomResources (CRs), one on the source side and
one on the destination side of the replication relationship.

Source configuration
=========================

Start by configuring the source; a minimal example is shown below:

.. code:: yaml

   ---
   apiVersion: scribe/v1alpha1
   kind: ReplicationSource
   metadata:
     name: database-source
     namespace: source
   spec:
    sourcePVC: mysql-pv-claim
    trigger:
      schedule: "*/6 * * * *"

>      rclone:

Reviewer: Does this need to have `rcloneDestPath` and `rcloneConfigSection` added?

       copyMethod: Snapshot
       capacity: 10Gi
       accessModes: ["ReadWriteOnce"]

Since the ``copyMethod`` specified above is ``Snapshot``, the Rclone data mover creates a ``VolumeSnapshot`` 

> of the source pvc ``mysql-pv-claim`` using the ``VolumeSnapshotClass`` provisioned by the CSI driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the source pvc ``mysql-pv-claim`` using the cluster's default ``VolumeSnapshotClass``.
```

It then creates a temproray pvc ``scribe-src-database-source`` out of the VolumeSnapshot to transfer source
data to the intermediary storage system like AWS S3 using the configurations provided in ``rclone-secret``

> 

Reviewer: How about adding some more information on the `rclone-secret` here (i.e., that it's just an rclone config file)?
A copy of the rclone.conf plus the command to load it as a secret `kubectl create secret generic ...blah...` would be good

Author: The command to create the secret is included in database_example.rst. I will explain the contents and probably include the link to Rclone AWS docs.

Source status
-----------------
Once the ``ReplicationSource`` is deployed, Scribe updates the ``nextSyncTime`` in the ``ReplicationSource`` object.

.. code:: yaml

  ---
  apiVersion:  scribe.backube/v1alpha1
  kind:         ReplicationSource
  #  ... omitted ...
  spec:
    rclone:
      copyMethod:           Snapshot
      rcloneConfig:         rclone-secret
      rcloneConfigSection:  aws-s3-bucket
      rcloneDestPath:       scribe-test-bucket
    sourcePVC:              mysql-pv-claim
    trigger:
      schedule:  "*/6 * * * *"
    status:
      conditions:
        lastTransitionTime:  2021-01-18T21:50:59Z
        message:               Reconcile complete
        reason:                ReconcileComplete
        status:                True
        type:                  Reconciled
      nextSyncTime:          2021-01-18T22:00:00Z

In the above ``ReplicationSource`` object,

- The Rclone configuations are provided via ``rclone-secret``
- The PiT copy of the source data ``mysql-pv-claim`` will be created using ``VolumeSnapshot`` provisioned
  by the CSI driver.

> - ``Rclone Dest Path`` indicates the location on the intermediary storage system where the source data

Reviewer: `rcloneDestPath`
